[Music]
danos and his followers intercept a
spaceship carrying the last survivors of
Asgard as they extract the space stone
from the tesseract Danno subdues Thor
overpowers Hulk and kills Loki Heimdall
sends Hulk to earth using the Bifrost
before being killed Danice departs with
his lieutenants and obliterates the ship
Hulk crash lands at the sanctum
sanctorum in New York City reverting to
Bruce Banner
he warned Stephen strange and Wong about
Thanos his plan to kill half of all life
in the universe
in response strange recruits Tony Stark
Dan OSes followers Evan Emma and call
obsidian arrived to retrieve the time
stone from strange drawing the attention
of Peter Parker mah capture strange but
fails to take the time stone due to an
enchantment Stark and Parker pursue mah
spaceship banner contact steve rogers
and wong stays behind to guard the
sanctum in Edinburgh Scotland two of
Thanos his other followers Proxima
midnight and Corvus glaive ambush Wanda
Maximoff and vision in order to retrieve
the mine stone in visions 4head rogers
Natasha Romanov and Sam Wilson rescue
them and take shelter with James Rhodes
and banner at the Avengers compound
vision offers to sacrifice himself by
having Maximoff destroy the mine stone
to keep Thanos from retrieving it
Rodgers suggests they travel to Wakanda
which he believes has the resources to
remove the stone without destroying
vision the guardians of the galaxy
respond to a distress call from the as
guardianship and rescue Thor who
surmises Donal seeks the reality stone
which is in the possession of the
collector on knowhere rocket and Groot
accompany Thor to Nineveh Lear where
they and ITRI create a battle axe
capable of killing Thanos on nowhere
Peter quill Gamora Drax and mantis find
a nose with the reality stone already in
his possession
Thanos kidnaps Gamora his adoptive
daughter who reveals the location of the
soul stone to save her captive adoptive
sister nebula from torture vanos and
Gamora traveled to form near where a Red
Skull keeper of the soul stone informs
him the stone can only be retrieved by
sacrificing someone he loves
danos reluctantly kills Kimora earning
the stone nebula escapes captivity and
asks the remaining guardians to meet her
on Thanos destroyed homeworld Titan
Stark and Parker kill MA and rescue
strange landing on Titan they meet quill
Drax and mantis the group forms a plan
to remove the noses Infinity Gauntlet
after
uses the time stone to view millions of
possible futures seeing only one in
which Danis losses
Thanos arrives justifying his plans as
necessary to ensure the survival of a
universe threatened by overpopulation
the group subdues him until nebula
deduces that Thanos has killed Gamora
enraged quill attacks him allowing
Thanos to break the group's hold and
overpower them Stark is seriously
wounded by Thanos but is spared after
strange surrenders the time stone to
Thanos in makanda rogers reunites with
Bucky Barnes before Thanos army invades
the Avengers alongside T'Challa and the
wakandan forces mounted a fence while
sure he works to extract the mine stone
from vision banner unable to transform
to the Hulk fights in Starks Hulkbuster
armor Thor rocket and group arrived to
reinforce the Avengers midnight obsidian
and glaive are killed and their army is
destroyed
danos arrives and despite Maximus
attempt to destroy the mine stone
removes it from visions head killing him
though were severely wounded a nose but
Thanos activates the completed and
Finley gauntlet by snapping his fingers
and teleports away half of all life
across the universe disintegrates
including Bucky Barnes
T'Challa Groot maximov Wilson mantis
Drax quill Strange and Parker Stark and
nebula remain on Titan while banner
mbaku McCoy a Rhodes rocket Rogers
Romanov and Thor are left on the
wakandan battlefield meanwhile Thanos
watches the sunrise on another planet in
a post-credits scene Maria hill a Nick
Fury also disintegrates though Nick Fury
is able to transmit a signal